DOCS-1563: Add Orange Pi LTS setup (#2933)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/components/board/orangepi.md

# SMEs: Olivia Miller
---

Configure an `orangepi` board to integrate the GPIO pins of an [Orange Pi Zero2](http://www.orangepi.org/html/hardWare/computerAndMicrocontrollers/details/Orange-Pi-Zero-2.html) or [OrangePi 3 LTS](http://www.orangepi.org/html/hardWare/computerAndMicrocontrollers/details/orange-pi-3-LTS.html) into your machine.

> If you have an Orange Pi Zero2, first follow [this guide to flash your board](/get-started/installation/prepare/orange-pi-zero2/).
> If you have an Orange Pi 3 LTS, follow [this guide](/get-started/installation/prepare/orange-pi-3-lts/) instead.

Reviewer: Nit: naming links usefully, to avoid `[this guide]` and `[that other guide]`. Also calling out the choice a little more prominantly:

```suggestion
First, follow the installation guide for your specific Orange Pi board:

- For an Orange Pi Zero2: follow the [Orange Pi Zero2 installation guide](/get-started/installation/prepare/orange-pi-zero2/).
- For an Orange Pi 3 LTS, follow the [Orange Pi 3 LTS installation guide](/get-started/installation/prepare/orange-pi-3-lts/).
```

This approach duplicates board names in the description and also the link, which is a bit cumbersome I admit. I prefer even this explicitness, but if you want to remove dupe names, might there be a way to use the name in the link title only? Up to you.

Author: I'm fine with this!

Once you have prepared your board, follow your new machine part's {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="setup" text="setup instructions" >}} to install `viam-server` on your board and connect to the Viam app.

> To use the GPIO pins on your board to [configure a smart machine](https://docs.viam.com/build/configure) with your Orange Pi computer, configure your board as a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="component" text="component" >}} of your machine in [the Viam app](https://app.viam.com):

Reviewer: Ooh, good catch Sky!
